

This repo has moved: git clone git://dawn.adminart.net/fvwm.git











This is my configuration for fvwm.  It straightforwardly does what I
want/need, with no fancy stuff I don't need.  I'm providing it as an
example for people to get started creating their own configuration.

Before using it, go through the individual files and check for things
you may need to change.  In particular, you probably want to change
some key-/mouse bindings and perhaps some fonts.  I've put comments
into the files to make these places easier to find.

You probably want to modify 'fvwm-menudefs.fvwm' to insert the
programs you frequently use.

If you use emacs, there is an fvwm-mode available somewhere which
helps a great deal with editing these files.


This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


2015-10-10:

When you pull this and have made your own modifications, you probably
need to be careful what to merge and what not, hence I recommend you
make a backup of your current configuration before pulling.

Keybindings have changed.

Functions have been added, most notably 'WarpTo.*'.  Window placement
functions have been a bit improved.

The general style has changed in that windows are decorated now.
That's merely eye-candy.

You don't get to another page of the desktop by moving the pointer
over the edge anymore.  I found that, with the key-bindings and the
'WarpTo.*'-functions, I'm better off using those.  That's the
'EdgeScroll' option in "fvwm-desks.fvwm".
